Aurora and don bluth productions present
a classic adventure in motion picture
entertainment I must tell you about him
look there it's a fantasy with wizards
and villains Oh hero I ain't scared of
nothin I'm not even afraid of that's me
yeah will you hush up come on
it's an odyssey to another world a world
of fantasy and enchantment to what you
see in here you must swear absolute
secrecy it's the most beautiful sight
I've ever seen do you like me of course
I like you
it's a story of friendship I mean you
don't think I'm clumsy or anything rocky
I just need a few pointers to polish my
style I told you you'd love flying I
don't know how I let you talk me into
this it's a classic story of courage
why have you come and a world of dangers
[Music]
if I had actually been near a cat I'd be
sneezing my brains out I'm allergic
[Music]
where courage is rewarded oh thank you
a motion-picture for everyone to share
I'm not a discover the secret of him and
rediscover that child in us all
you